[Hotfix 4.0.1] Release notes (#1476)
dotnet/SqlClient: release-notes/4.0/4.0.1.md

# Release Notes

> ## Microsoft.Data.SqlClient 4.0.1 released 14 January 2022

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Microsoft.Data.SqlClient 4.0.1 released 17 January 2022
```

This update brings the below changes over the previous preview release:

### Added

> - AppContext switch `SuppressInsecureTLSWarning` is added to make users to be able to supress TLS security warning while `Encrypt=false` on connection string. [#1467](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1467) [Read more](#suppress-tls-security-warnings)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added AppContext switch `SuppressInsecureTLSWarning` to allow suppression of TLS security warning when using `Encrypt=false` in the connection string. [#1467](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1467) [Read more](#suppress-tls-security-warnings)
```

### Bug Fixes

> - Fixed the issue with Kerberos authentication using .NET 6. [#1468](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1468)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed Kerberos authentication failure when using .NET 6. [#1468](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1468)
```

> - Fixed the issue with `SqlLocalDB` instance pipe name. [#1475](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1475)
> - Fixed the issue with enclave providers not being thread safe. [#1466](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1466)
> - Updated obsolete API calls in NET6. [#1471](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1471)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed connection failure when using `SqlLocalDB` instance pipe name. [#1475](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1475)
- Fixed a failure when executing concurrent queries requiring enclaves. [#1466](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1466)
- Updated obsolete API calls targeting .NET 6. [#1471](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1471)
```
